Add centroid grid type in mvt request (#78305)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/search-vector-tile-api.asciidoc

`point`:::
Each feature is a `Point` that's the centroid of the cell.

`centroid`:::

> Each feature is a `Point` that's the centroid of the data within the cell. If the centroid
> of the data is outside the cell, the feature is set to the closest point inside the cell
> to the centroid.

Reviewer: I'd mention that the centroid may be outside the cell due to a complex geometry.
```suggestion
Each feature is a `Point` that's the centroid of the data within the cell. For
complex geometries, the actual centroid may be outside the cell. In these cases,
the feature is set to the closest point to the centroid inside the cell.
```

* <<search-aggregations-metrics-max-aggregation,`max`>>
* <<search-aggregations-metrics-min-aggregation,`min`>>
* <<search-aggregations-metrics-sum-aggregation,`sum`>>
+

> The name of the aggregations cannot start with the prefix `_mvt_`
> as it is reserved for internal aggregation names.

Reviewer: I'd split this into two sentences.
```suggestion
The aggregation names can't start with `_mvt_`. The `_mvt_` prefix is reserved
for internal aggregations.
```
